So when we were talking about the list
of topics we're gonna cover today,
I mentioned that the JavaScript
ecosystem is in a transition period.
Where we've been using
a particular module syntax
in terms of imports and exports for
a long time now, right?
Since ES2015, this was defined as a
standard that we knew was going somewhere.
The big thing that has changed
recently in the past couple of
years is official support has landed for
running modern JavaScript modules
directly in NoJS and in browsers.
If you've ever seen a file that ends
in MJS, that's the file extension.
You've seen this.
And part of why I have chosen to
include some coverage of this topic in
intermediate TypeScript is while
we're in this transition period,
which will happen over many years,
you're gonna have to deal with mixing both
old-style modules and new-style modules.
So we're gonna talk about
the new-style modules,
all of the kinds of things you
can do to import and export.
TypeScript adds a couple things to
what can already be done in a modern
JavaScript project.
We're going to talk about importing types,
which is of particular importance.
If in your project,
you have something like Babel or
Webpack, which,
if those tools are responsible for
actually emitting the resultant
JavaScript from your
TypeScript program,
importing types is super important.
To import types only as opposed to
something that has a value and a type.
So we'll talk about why that is and
then how to go ahead and do that.
We'll talk about CommonJS interop, right?
If you have an old-style
CommonJS dependency of some sort,
how do you consume
the types of this thing?
And this is one of those situations where,
most of the time,
you don't have to worry about this and
it kind of works with a simple convention.
But there are some really interesting
things that can happen in specific cases,
and it can be a real headache
if you don't know what to do.
And I'm gonna give you the medicine for
that headache.
I'm gonna give you the way to do this.
And I'm gonna give you
a way to do it that doesn't
involve changing compiler settings.
Which is sometimes undesirable,
particularly if you're building a library,
right?
Sometimes, enabling one of these compiler
settings to get your types to work,
that will require anyone who consumes your
library to also enable those settings.
So we'll talk about how
we can avoid doing that.
There is a path to doing that and
we'll go over it.
Next we'll talk about native
ES module support, and
that is the idea of working with,
in your own project,
a mix of CommonJS and
modern module formats.
How do we interop between these?
How do you import across those boundaries
and deal with these things side by side?
And then, finally, we'll talk about
importing non-TypeScript things.
So if you've used Webpack before, you
ever imported a CSS file or an image just
to indicate that this thing should be
loaded for a particular component.
Sometimes you import an image
in something like Webpack.
If you have a file loader, Webpack plugin,
it'll give you the URL of the image
that you can place somewhere.
But how do we make
TypeScript happy with that?
It's not a TypeScript file,
we still use the imports in Next.
What do we need to do to make that work?
So that's our modules and
CJS interop section here.